W-16722425: Updating section about modifying wrapper properties (#2826)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/runtime-installation-task.adoc

== Configure Properties in the wrapper.conf File

After installing Mule as a service or as a daemon, you can modify the properties defined in the `wrapper.conf` file.

> For details on what you can do with the configuration file, see https://wrapper.tanukisoftware.com/doc/english/properties.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details about what you can do with the configuration file, see https://wrapper.tanukisoftware.com/doc/english/properties.html[Configuration Property Overview].
```

After modifying the `wrapper.conf` file, restart your Mule instance to enable the changes.

[NOTE]
====
When you add new properties, ensure that no other properties already use the same sequence number.

Don't modify the `wrapper-additional.conf` file, as Mule automatically generates this file.

> In order to avoid the sequences of the properties in `wrapper-additional.conf` from colliding with they ones you added, you can stop and start Mule (instead of restart), that way the `wrapper-additional.conf` is regenerated taking your new properties into account. Another option is to use `-additionalJavaProperties=numberOfExtraProperties` to have a gap between the last sequence in `wrapper.conf` and the first one in `wrapper-additional.conf` (Mule Enterprise Edition only).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To prevent property sequences in `wrapper-additional.conf` from colliding with the ones you added, stop and start Mule instead of restarting it. This ensures that `wrapper-additional.conf` regenerates, incorporating your new properties. Alternatively, you can use `-additionalJavaProperties=numberOfExtraProperties` to have a gap between the last sequence in `wrapper.conf` and the first one in `wrapper-additional.conf` (Mule Enterprise Edition only).
```
